today I am handsome kid tells me
not the contrary
when you want to feel the handsome kid
whew
you go to the hairdresser you make a beast
of competition you're getting chilly all that you
say good short I'll manage from the left
who will put on the beach clothes of
the day before you say good I would say the left
or email screws and a biscuit but
when you feel good looking you're
100% sure that we will keep too much and
where you go out there is not a
only go pole do you see when you feel
ugly you have hair that grow to
there that stinks 3/2 my life is a
biscuit pies even if you cross
street half how it goes like this
life
why short if I have not released a
video it's summer like everyone
I took a vacation but the delirium
you take a wedding holiday me
i took a vacation from s and yeah
yeah my friend list arrives at
destination it was raining and then the evening
we even slept in the car
in short, it's the beginning of my holidays
but after that it went really well
so creeks if you watch this video I
do not like fuck you
in short my new project is very
simple called arabic phone
why arabic phone from 1
free application so all that is
free et cetera we know the arteries
you see twoio the phone that says
arabic phone phone
no but then 3rd good I admit that
Arab phone is commercial but that
stay between us on social networks
I asked for games on smartphones
coup I had a lot so suddenly we
will test them
I want wind and hair
has fallen short go we start for
those who do not know the game bike
rect it's a killing I offered the
first mission to show you
So go wild where it's hot in
my bedroom
take two go or touch all browns
we only went down from it's
my way back higher to that be to his
normal size tma witness i beat my
body I told you this game sign of a
gray you did not believe me now we
going to do a level that I have not yet
so it's going to be even more
complicated ag unleash the pot
exhaust that I have too hot it
direct an idiot the sick by force of
get up too much have ended up falling into
passing passing not healthy because we
post by inventing a wesh dinguerie
so there is the antenna to start to
yes you took in the name was almost
also the young Russian issue I was going too much
quickly I 'm here I'll find good
so that's too much given the time wanted years
I had arrived it's as if so much
what will it say about a two-fingered
series es there you tell yourself that I have a guy
fucking it breaks elbows bella it was
it was the same thing my bike
so in fact there's nothing to see
that I feel good and there will begin to
ride on the front wheel normal francs
lifts removes battle must I want
put it right in fact like stromae
am there I feel it
Yes
we move to a higher stage
we love worse I will go time goes by
the triangle to the yes one illuminati and the
triangle fuck us we are of where
where are you and where are you
backflip orleans both do not have
second phase he was not second
happened
plain kit because they do not fit
kitchen goes in 5th it passes a
fifth set by that is nickel as
that second as the 2nd of May passed
no I have not passed I am he is
back home I came back yes I read you do
little brother your hands and make
altitude
there I go there I pass there I go there
I go there it's impossible we can
redo we can redo they gave me
a second chance
thank you seven crystal balls if he
please the seven crystal balls
resurrected me please thanks to
games listed at that moment look good
my head it happened something to
chess
miquel the ajax and jet acj acceleration
I managed I swear I did not see
I swear I have succeeded you are well seen
Jerome name stellio Manigat deems it
is called pair parra or too easy
if you get a minimum of managing the
basketball in real life is too much
easy look temerity mathemat and marc
calf I'm too hot too hot
that's why I'm hot because we
math count my buddy I was telling myself
that I was preparing small
paper dumplings
i know how to call me before tony
parterre why brother because at
every time thrown to the ground in fact the age
and calculations and there is wind at five kilometers
hour
I have to aim at the bar too easy
Too easy this game is too easy I
put downs I make quiet and there
I see what yes wait wait and the
wii wesh say hello we are sinking we are sinking
of the good day he did not say hello
so he was fucked by your mother
and yeah buddy I capture with
my skin keable am asia break out of
wholesale a twingo freelancer
so you have to address it just right
a little trick but start not doing
beautiful i think i was going to chicha
so if you want to see that they hold
in beurette I downloaded a
application if I prepared a tote
bitches go for the show
but what a good kitchen on a
phone but hey if there are a lot of
James is a lot of live because I
I broke my head to do this
video but frankly I'll do it in
true
you see the photo with small
glitter and all there is too cute
and you take a picture you had a
little bit the eyebrow up on siph that
it is important for the girl babes
she kiffe saha brother she who makes a
egg thing
so the face will start with
the story of pau fossilized the contribution to
max why max for all buttons
because we guys do not even have them
buttons as orange as possible
you see we're going to say it's orange
because in fact did you ask me
so suddenly it makes a weird color
bluff
the blue I'm going to explain how the
put it must be the bistle is like
that you see on the cheek you put orange
let's be crazy let's be crazy let's say
maximum facial paint ah yeah I
will lose your face in believing and
announcement could the shit that actually
what is she cute the
kitchenette like that I make you a little
that's me eyelids it's too much
bitch after I do not like eyelids
you see I do not want the eyebrows to be
of course the eyebrows who is we going
put Turkish eyebrows then you put
in fact frankly and I'm good at
son abused eye color
oh that's what oh there but what is
what she is beautiful at fucking kitchen
but I'm mach in support of whore
images in support of whore
here is with more gloss with sudden
wesh wesh you're sick was fat who you
love
hamburg is here i'm ready to go
and to smoke the shisha all night long
I think it has potential
I too want delusion and I want to see
your head tweaks on twitter and
download the app and send me
your picture like that I'm laughing like this
laughs well I would also like them
little buries next video on
snapshot
I know I'm breaking your ears
like that but hey this match was in the
true kitchen add me i will give you
a theme on social networks or on
snapshot you mens will we see snap and me
I watch video good it was youtuber
even if so much is not an account
youtube subscribe I make it mean
if you're good I'll subscribe to you
so you can follow him on twitter
Facebook
instagram now i have a spa g web
I was happy to release this project
arabic phone
if it makes you happy you can lay and
it will make me happy yahoo
whore I speak quickly his hot mom
very beautiful but I will not wait for him
call to the fair turns-bordeaux
Oh
but why do you want hairy my brother
I am year on year